feat(CDN): the resource supports updating private buckets access (#4106)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/cdn_domain.md

* `sources` - (Required, List, ForceNew) An array of one or more objects specifies the domain name of the origin server.
  The sources object structure is documented below.

> * `private_bucket_access` - (Optional, Bool) Specifies whether the bucket type is a public bucket or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `private_bucket_access` - (Optional, Bool) Specifies whether private bucket retrieval is enabled. This field is valid only when `origin_type` is **obs_bucket**. This field must be set to **true** when using a private bucket domain name. Defaults to **false**.
```

* `origin` - (Required, String) The domain name or IP address of the origin server.

* `origin_type` - (Required, String) The origin server type. The valid values are 'ipaddr', 'domain', and 'obs_bucket'.
  When a CDN domain is configured with multiple origin servers of **obs_bucket**,
  the OBS buckets should be all private bucket or all public bucket.
  When configure an origin server with private bucket, the delegation
  authorization should be enabled on the OBS service side.

* `active` - (Optional, Int) Whether an origin server is active or standby (1: active; 0: standby). The default value is
  1.

* `obs_web_hosting_enabled` - (Optional, Bool) Whether to enable static website hosting for the OBS bucket.
  This parameter is mandatory when the `origin_type` is **obs_bucket**.
  If the value of the field is **true**, please confirm that static website hosting has been enabled

>   on the OBS side, otherwise business abnormalities will occur.

Reviewer 2: it's better to use the description from console.

* `origin` - (Required, String) The domain name or IP address of the origin server.

* `origin_type` - (Required, String) The origin server type. The valid values are 'ipaddr', 'domain', and 'obs_bucket'.
  When a CDN domain is configured with multiple origin servers of **obs_bucket**,
  you should ensure that all OBS bucket are of the same type, that is, all private buckets or all public buckets.
  If you want to configure an origin server with private bucket, make sure that delegation

>   authorization is enabled on the OBS service side.

Reviewer: This part of the description is too complicated.
